hello forest locker for 1 to
Kettle buy three tango charges
we stand near the aunts
and wait for 2 seconds right for 2 seconds you
cut in these two trees and run into this
area to cut through
these two trees all need to be done very
quickly and better send a hero through shift
its convenience I cut it and this tree
now master of the court to fill this
point you look at this white circle you
should be to the right and slightly higher
exactly twenty five seconds to set
ecology break from upper left
quickly addicted to this spawn to
mobs came to life thanks to this technique
the thickest crepe that he has little
will build on the highground and
run around the tower
ogres by themselves coffee creeps overlap
slept words because of this they are pressed
just below and drink boots
your job is just to make good
lasting and add more if you're on a minute
ruined by the responses you can do it
another 30 days
further here as you get up in this
region
write 5 seconds also put the code and
get out of them quickly
if centaurs pushed off better
hold his gaze on since after
camp creeps can lose sight of him
don't run after him and basically everything
circle
when coca repel sulfur better
once again reach the tower so that
killing a little creep get it
experience by this time you should be lucky
take out the trees that block the pass
mushrooms and let him go even to the side
easy creeps on 6 5 minute of your example
there will be 4 5 lvl and with good you
almost a piece of shoes and shoes for watching
In fact, this does not mean that she
turned out a little forest somehow
inconvenient but first random authors worse
or better call it some
as a trick as though there thanks for
viewing